Our solar system
consists of 8 planets.
These turn on themselves
and around the Sun.
The first 4 planets are
telluric, rocky.
They have a floor.
On the other hand, the last 4 are carbonated.
They have no ground.
Let's start with the first planet
telluric: Mercury.
It is the smallest and
closest to the Sun.
The second terrestrial planet is Venus.
It is the hottest planet.
The third telluric planet is the
Earth, or the blue planet.
This is the planet we live on!
The fourth and last
telluric planet,
It's March!
It remains the preferred target
space missions.
The fifth planet is Jupiter.
It's the biggest planet
in our Solar System.
Saturn is the gas giant.
It has rings
and many natural satellites!
For the seventh planet,
It’s Uranus! It does it
circumference of the sun in 84 years.
The last planet, or the
fourth gaseous is Neptune!
It has thirteen
natural satellites.